Complete documentation rewrite (#50)
woocommerce/qit-documentation: docs/core-concepts/test-types-overview.md

# Understanding Test Types in QIT

QIT supports multiple kinds of tests designed to ensure the quality, compatibility, and security of WooCommerce extensions. These tests fall into two main categories: **Managed Tests** and **Custom E2E Tests**.

Why does this matter?  

> By familiarizing yourself with these test types, you can leverage QIT to catch issues early, maintain compatibility with evolving WordPress and WooCommerce versions, and deliver a reliable experience to merchants and their customers.

Reviewer: I would recommend re-working this a bit, and drop the `Why does this matter?` heading, so it's something like this instead:

```suggestion
By utilizing test types provided by QIT, you can leverage QIT to catch issues early, maintain compatibility with evolving WordPress and WooCommerce versions, and deliver a reliable experience to merchants and their customers.
```

## Managed Tests

> Definition:  

Reviewer: I would drop the "Definition" header here and below, it feels redundant.
